# codefundo-2019
This repository contains our solution for electronic voting using blockchain for the problem statement of Microsoft Codefundo++ 2019
Voting is an essential tool to any democratic government. Its security is of utmost imoporatnce. E-voting using blockchain can eliminate the demerits of the ballot system.

Proposed solution:
Every user must securely registers using biometric means and a valid government id.
Once the registration is succesful a 256 bit random number(private key) is generated.
Then Elliptic-curve algorithm is applied to private key to generate a public key.
Hashing is applied to the public key to obtain account address(20 bytes).

Transaction for casting the votes should be authorised, non-repudiable and unmodified.
The user now issues a request to create a block with data as the name of the candidate(public key of candidate).
Data is hashed and encrypted as using the private key of the voter and sent for verification.
The verifier decrypts the data using the voters public key and computes the hash. The the computed hash is compared with the hash generated by the user to check that the data has not been tampered with.
After verification, the request is added to the block.
A voter can give multiple requests(limited) but only his last request is considered while counting. This allows a user to change his vote.
While counting, the blockchain will be traversed backwards and the first vote encountered for a voter public key will be considered. Others votes from the same user will not be counted. We will uses hash maps to keep track of it.
Only the votes that have vaild public key of candidates as data will be consider for voting. Others will be discarded.
